Update the app docs with version revert info (#4507)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/reuse/apps/app-update.md

:::note
See our [**Release Notes** changelog](/release-notes-service) for new updates in the app.
:::

> To version down the app, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To revert the app to a previous version, do the following:
```
